Fixes on add-client-profile.md (#345)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Checkout/cart-attachments-section-quick-start-guides/add-client-profile.md

---
title: "Adding customer profile information to the cart"
slug: "add-customer-profile-information-to-the-cart"
hidden: true
createdAt: "2022-11-14T18:48:53.756Z"
updatedAt: "2022-11-28T16:43:13.348Z"
---

The shopping cart gathers information on the products the customer chooses while browsing a store, such as prices, shipping costs, payment methods, delivery methods, etc. This data may include item prices, shipping value, payment, and delivery methods, among others.

This guide will describe how to add customer profile information to the shopping cart via API.

## Getting shopping cart information

> The first step is to get the `orderFormId` of the shopping cart to which you want to add the customer preferences information. For more information, read the [Getting cart information by ID](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/docs/get-cart-information-by-id) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to get the `orderFormId` of the shopping cart to which you want to add the customer preferences information. For more information, read the [Getting cart information by ID](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/get-cart-information-by-id) guide.
```

## Adding customer profile information to the shopping cart

> To add customer profile information to the shopping cart, use the [Add client profile](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/addclientprofile) endpoint. In this request, you must send the `orderFormId` through the URL address, as shown in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add customer profile information to the shopping cart, use the [Add client profile](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#post-/api/checkout/pub/orderForm/-orderFormId-/attachments/clientProfileData) endpoint. In this request, you must send the `orderFormId` through the URL address, as shown in the example below:
```
